Fidelity International acquires LGIM’s UK personal investing arm
By Michael Klimes 23rd October 2020 11:00 am
Fidelity International has acquired Legal & General Investment Management’s UK personal investing business.
The acquisition will double the number of customers for Fidelity’s personal investing business, and form part of its Personal Investing platform.
LGIM’s personal investing business in the UK comprises almost 300,000 customers with £5.8bnin  assets under management.
Fidelity’s Personal Investing platform has 280,000 customers with £20.3bn assets under management.
The transaction is expected to complete in the next 12 months.
According to Fidelity, customers on transfer will pay the same or less than they do today and will benefit from access to its investment and pension platform.
This includes its entire range of over 3,000 funds, shares, investment trusts and exchange-traded funds which can be held in an Isa, Sipp or general investment account.
They will also benefit from Fidelity’s online guidance services, its range of investment tools as well as market news, daily insights and in-depth analysis to stay up to date with the latest investment news.
Fidelity’s iOS and Android apps will also be made available to new clients to check their investments on the go.
Money Marketing reported in June that Fidelity was eyeing up an advice arm launch, but the acquisition cements its position in the direct-to-consumer market.
Fidelity International global head of personal investing and advisory Stuart Welch says: “This is an exciting acquisition for us. It follows our recent purchase of Cavendish Online Investments Limited and reflects our ambition and commitment to the UK direct investor market.
“Our platform is designed to help investors achieve their long-term financial goals and we provide guidance and support at every life stage. Our wealth and retirement planning services, guidance service and tools will help those who want to make the most of their retirement savings and investments.  We look forward to welcoming LGIM’s customers and helping them meet their financial goals.”
LGIM chief executive Michelle Scrimgeour adds: “This transaction is a positive step for LGIM and particularly for our direct to consumer business. It optimises the strategic fit between two highly-regarded organisations and in particular supports customers, who now gain Fidelity International’s scale and operational capacity in these specific products while continuing to benefit from the LGIM investment expertise which underpinned their original product purchase.”
